# Genetic-Algorithm-TSP

There are problems that involves to choose between two or more options, where the first time it does not require a lot of effort for few options but what if there would be a set of options that also when you pick one of them there is also another decision problem and so on until achieve a certain target. This is what it takes to solve the Traveling Salesman problem, which is a ubiquitous problem within combinatorial optimization and mathematics in general. To problem starts with the next statement : Given a list of cities and their distances, what is the shortest route that visits each city once and returns to the original city? , becoming a NP-hard problem since you cannot find the optimal solution in a reasonable amount of time as the addition of new cities lead to a combinatorial explosion of the number of possible routes. 
A typical solution process has several stages, where first an initial tour is constructed, then any remaining points are inserted, and then the existing tour is successively improved. There exist many possible algorithms for each step.

The traveling salesman problem requires the Hamiltonian cycle in G of minimal cost (Hamiltonian cycle is a cycle passing through each node i in N exactly once)". As a result, two adjacency matrices were constructed, where the first one represents the cost of each city relationship and the second one will represent the time travel between each city. So the graph is being represented by the two matrices and the path will be represented as an array where according to the order of they were stored, they will describe the output path to follow and the each city will be represented with a number between 0 and 11 values. The generations will be represented as an integer that describes the number of iterations of the program and the performance level of the generation will be represented as a number with the best Chromosome path value. 
# Rules of this problem
The rules of this problem are first to respect the adjacency of each city location so the output must be in a sequential order, no matter the starting point and also there is no need to visit each city more than once and return to the starting point, other rule is that the solution of the problem should not exceed the time of 72 hours so there can be solutions with exactly 72 hours or even less time, and also the solution must be with the lowest budget, since there is no budget limit, the path chosen should be the one with the lowest budget compared to other wans that respects the less than 72 hours rule. An extra rule applied is that each node must be visited once.
